Hi, my name is Isabel.
I study sociology and this is how I got set up
with free remote access to ebooks and articles.
First lets talk about why we need to use VPN from off campus.
When you're off campus, websites don't necessarily know that you are a highlander.
This means that if you try to access an ebook or article in a database or in a website,
you might not be able to get to the full text.
You might an error message or the website might even ask you to pay a fee.
Don't pay the fee.
To see if you can get that book or that article though the UCR Library.
You can set up your computer with VPN.
This gives you a chance to type in your UCR net id and show the internet that you are a Highlander.
Once you are set up, you'll have access to millions of resources paid for by UCR Library.
That includes ebooks, articles, video, music; all sorts of things.
Here's how I did it.
First, I went to the Library website at library.ucr.edu
then I clicked on connect from off-campus.
From there, I chose VPN.
I use a Chromebook so I chose Chromebook browser.
After that, I followed these directions to get set up.
Let's walk through it together.
Now, let's see how this works in action.
Start by searching for your selected resource on the library homepage.
For this example, I'm going to use the search catalog to search for that book.
Once I selected the book or article, I can click on the UC e-links button, ebook access links
to get to the full text.
It works!
For more information on how you can get set up with remote access to everything
UCR Library has to offer, visit library.ucr.edu and click on Connected from Off-Campus.